# STOR320_Project
The first impression a person gives to a potential romantic partner is increasingly important in whether they will date you in the future. Therefore, Speed dating receives popularities recently. Speed dating is for people to meet new people in a friendly and relaxing environment, and ideally, they have opportunities to organize a future date if two people like each other. Typically, participants will be asked to rate their dates based on six primary attributes: Attractiveness, Sincerity, Intelligence, Fun, Ambition, and Shared Interests.

Given that these factors contributed to the potential success of finding a dating partner, our initial interest is to find what factors are most important in determining a potentially ideal partner to date. The dataset for our analysis was compiled by Columbia Business School professors Ray Fisman and Sheena Iyengar for their paper Gender Differences in Mate Selection: Evidence From a Speed Dating Experiment. It collects over 500 people aged 18–55 who participated in the experimental speed dating events from 2002–2004. As the dataset also examines gender differences in finding a dating partner, we want to further find important factors leading a specific gender to be willing to date the matched partner in the future.

Therefore, our first question is “Can we predict if a woman will ask for another date with her matched man in Speed Dating Events?”. Although this dataset does not give a specific variable to indicate that females would date their matched males, we assume that in variable, likely_date, scores above 7 mean that women are willing to have another date with matched partners. By selecting attributes rated by women with numerical values, we hope to find whether women would ask for a further date based on selected attributes.

Our second question is “Can we predict the result of matches based on the personal information of participants?” Since this dataset includes background information like career and income, we hope to find the importance of personal information in determining the result of matches after participants’ meetings.
